I go ahead
You follow me
This wavering should have been excavated by humans
And it should be a long time.
You can see that.
When is he so smart?
Oops bro
Why did you suddenly stop?
There's no way out.
Why is it so good that there is suddenly no way?
There should be an agency
Why oh crap
No mechanism
Who has nothing to do to build such a long tunnel at the bottom of the well?
OK
Isn't he fragrant if he has the money and energy to visit the kiln?
That makes sense. Okay.
Find the agency, okay?
I seem to have found it.
Really? So fast? Wow.
You said the people involved in this agency
Are you insulting our intelligence?
This is not a trap.
Hey, why are you here?
How is that possible?
It turned out to be